A good all-round performance from Australia. They batted, fielded and bowled well to run through the mighty Indian batting line-up. Except for Dhoni, no Indian batsmen stood against the pace bowling from Australia.
Australia beats India by 95 runs and will be facing New Zealand in the finals at Melbourne on Sunday
97 needed from 24 balls. First ball, Starc bowls a beautiful delivery. Shami just taps the ball to third man and takes a single. Second ball, a good bouncer from Starc, Umesh Yadav was hit on the chin. The Australian players are concerned and gather around Umesh. Third ball, a short ball outside the off stump and Umesh leaves it alone. Fourth ball, a wild swing from Umesh, misses it and the ball goes through to the keeper. Fifth ball, A good delivery to end the innings for India. India all out for 233. It is a 95 run victory for Australia.
97 needed from 30 balls. First ball, a good angling ball from Faulkner, Ashwin plays and misses. Second ball, again Ashwin plays and misses. Third ball, Ashwin tries to run the ball through to the third man and no run. Fourth ball, Good delivery from Faulkner. Ashwin is completely beaten and cleaned up by Faulkner. Ashwin is bowled and India loses 8th wicket. Fifth ball, Mohit Sharma is in and Faulkner strikes again. Mohit beaten by the pace and bowled off the very next ball. India are 232 for 9. Will it be a hat-trick for Faulkner? We will wait and see what Umesh Yadav does? Sixth ball, Umesh plays it safely and prevents Faulkner from taking a hat-trick.
101 from 36 balls. It is becoming difficult for India.Starc into the attack. First ball, a slow bouncer and Dhoni misses it, no run. Second ball, Short ball, Dhoni hooks straight to the deep midwicket fielder and takes a single. Third ball, Full toss, Ashwin plays it straight to the third man fielder and takes single. A noball. Dhoni whips the ball straight to the midwicket fielder Maxwell and tries to take a cheeky single but a direct hit and that's what Australia wanted. Dhoni is run-out. India are 231 for 7. Fourth ball, Shami comes in, wide delivery on the offside, Shami tries to run the ball to the third man misses it, no run. Fifth ball, beautiful ball from Starc. Ashwin plays and misses. Sixth ball, Defensive shot from Ashwin, takes a single and India are 232 for 7.
106 runs to win from 42 balls. Johnson continues. First ball, Dhoni plays straight to the point fielder. Second ball, Dhoni pats on the leg side and takes a single. India are 224 for 6. Third ball, Ashwin pats the ball on the offside and takes a single.Fourth ball, Dhoni plays it defensively and takes another single. Fifth ball, Ashwin plays it on the offside and jogs for another single. Sixth ball, Dhoni once again takes a single and retains the strike.
121 from 48 balls. Watson into the attack. First ball Dhoni jumps out and hits over the point for a huge six. It is fifty for Dhoni. Second ball, another six from Dhoni. This time over the long-off boundary. Third ball, Full toss from Watson, Dhoni misses it and takes a single. Fourth ball, Ashwin tries to cut the ball but misses it completely and no run. Fifth ball, Good shot from Ashwin the ball dropped short the third man fielder and a single taken which brings Dhoni on strike. Sixth ball, good ball from Watson and Dhoni taps the ball through point and takes a single. India are 223 for 6.
125 needed in 9 overs. Johnson into the attack. Dhoni whips the first ball on the offside and takes a single. Dhoni on 46 and Jadeja on 14 are batting. Second ball, Jadeja cuts the ball to the deep point fielder and takes a single. Third ball, Dhoni plays the ball on the offside and takes a single. Fourth ball, Jadeja whips the ball on the legside and jogging over for a single. Fifth ball, Dhoni plays it defensively and tries to take a quick single. Jadeja is in trouble. Direct hit from Steve Smith and Jadeja is out. India are 208 for 6. Ashwin is the new man in. Sixth ball, excellent bowling from Johnson.
Hazlewood comes in. Jadeja pats the first ball to the cover and no run. Second ball, Jadeja pats the ball on the onside and takes a single. Third ball, Dhoni tries to hook the ball and a catch dropped by Michael Clarke. A reprieve for Dhoni.It is two runs from the ball. Fourth ball, Dhoni hooks the ball and takes a single. Fifth ball, Jadeja whips the ball through the point for a welcome boundary for India. India are 204 for 5. Sixth ball, Jadeja pats the ball defensively and no run.
Last 10 overs to come. India need 133 runs.
Last powerplay over will be bowled by Faulkner.First ball, dhoni tries to cut the ball and no run. Second ball, Dhoni cuts the ball through the point and takes a single. Third ball, Jadeja plays it defensively and no run. Fourth ball, Jadeja whips the ball on the onside and takes a single. Fifth ball, Dhoni taps the ball straight to the midon fielder and takes a single. Sixth ball, Jadejad plays it straight to the deep midon and takes a single, india are 196 for 5.
Starc continues. Dhoni taps the first ball on the onside and takes two quick runs. Second ball, Dhoni taps the ball on the offside and takes a single. Third ball, excellent delivery from Starc, hits Jadeja's pads and Indians crosses over for a single. Fourth ball, Dhoni whips the ball on the offside and no run. Fifth ball, Excellent bowling from Starc, Dhoni takes a single. Sixth ball, wide on the pads and Jadeja whips the ball to the boundary. A welcome boundary for India. india re 192 for five.
Faulkner into the atack. First ball, the ball cuts in sharply and hits Jadeja on the pads and no run. Good bowling from Australians. Second ball, Jadeja pats the ball on the onside and takes a single. Third ball, Dhonit cuts the ball and takes a single. Fourth ball, Jadeja taps the ball on the offside straight to Watson at point and no run. Fifth ball, a short ball, Jadeja tries to hook it, gets an inside edge and takes a single. Sixth ball, Dhoni pats the ball on the onside and takes a single. India are 183 for 5.
Two good powerplay overs from Australia
Will it be a Dhoni act today? Starc into the attack. First ball, Dhoni takes a quick single. Second ball, good delivery from Starc beating the outside edge of Rahane and through to the keeper. Australians gone for the review. A faint edge was seen in the snickometre and the third umpire reverses the decision to out. Australians strike once again at the vital moment. Rahane gone. India are 178 for 5. Ravindra Jadeja is the next man. Third ball, Jadeja tries to flick the ball and quick relfex from Finch and Jadeja is safe. Fourth ball, Jadeja pats the ball on the offside and takes a single. Fifth ball, beautiful delivery from Starc. Dhoni plays it straight to midon and no run. Can India make it to the finals with the last recognised pair in? Sixth ball, Dhoni taps the ball on the leg side and takes a single.
Faulkner into the attack. It is power play. First ball, wide delivery from Faulkner, Dhoni tries to run through the third man and misses it. Second ball, Dhoni plays it on the offside and takes a single. Third ball, Rahane once again tries to run through the third man, misses it and no run. A good over from Faulkner. Fourth ball, Rahane flicks the ball on the leg side and takes a quick single. Fifth ball, Dhoni cuts the ball through the point and a welcome boundary for India. Sixth ball, Dhoni pats the ball on the leg side and takes a single. India are 176 for 4.
Johnson continues. First ball, Dhoni plays it on the offside and takes a single. Second ball, Rahane tries to cut the ball through the third man misses it and Haddin does the rest. Third ball, Rahane pulls it to the deep mid wicket fielder and takes a single. Fourth ball, Dhoni plays it to the offside and no run. Fifth ball, Dhoni plays it defensively and takes a quick single. Sixth ball, Excellent show from Rahane, excellent fielding from Starc and umpires are checking. It is two only. India are 170 for 4.
Watson takes the ball. First ball, Rahane jumps outside the crease and hits the ball over the mid-on for an excellent four. Second ball, Rahane plays it defensively. Third ball, Rahane plays it defensively and no run. Fourth ball, Excellent shot from Rahane to the third man and t akes two runs. Fifth ball, Rahane pulls the ball and it falls short of the deep mid-wicket fielder and one run. Sixth ball, Dhoni taps the ball to the off side and India are 165 for 4.
Drinks break Will Dhoni and Rahane take India through the finals. Let us wait and see.
Johnson into the attack. First ball, Dhoni plays a wide ball to the point fielder and no run. Second ball, Dhoni pats the ball on the onside and takes a single. India 151 for 4. Third ball, a wide delivery from Johnson. Rahane plays it wide of Michael Clarke and it is a cheeky four. It is the first boundary for Rahane. Fourth ball, Rahane plays it defensively and no run. Fifth ball, Rahane plays it on the onside and takes a single. Sixth ball, Dhoni plays it defensively and no run. India are 157 for 4.
Watson continues. First ball, Rahane tries to play it on the onside misses it and no run. Second ball, Rahane plays it straight to the midoff fielder and no run. Third ball, Rahane plays it defensively and no run. Fourth ball, good ball from Watson, Rahane plays straight to the fielder at mid on and no run. Fifth ball, Rahane pulls it on the onside and the ball fell short of the fielder and a single taken. Sixth ball, Dhoni plays it on the offside and takes a single. India are 150 for 4.
Hazlewood continues. Dhoni smashes the first ball for a vicious four through the long-on boundary. Second ball, Dhoni pats the ball on the offside and takes a single. Third ball, Rahane plays it defensively and no run. Fourth ball, Rahane plays it on the offside and no run. Fifth ball, Rahane pats the ball on the onside and takes a single. Sixth ball, Dhoni cuts the ball above the slip for another four of the over. India 144 for 4.
Shane Watson into the attack. First ball, Dhoni takes a quick single. It is a leg bye. Second ball, Rahane taps into the onside and takes a single. Third ball, defensive shot from Dhoni and no run. Fourth ball, Dhoni plays it straight to the midoff and no run. Fifth ball, Dhoni plays it on the offside and takes a single. Sixth ball, short ball from Watson, Rahane plays it on the onside and takes two runs. India 138 for 4.
